In Azure.Data.Tables, don't include the Timestamp in the submitted properties (#19673)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/tables/Azure.Data.Tables/CHANGELOG.md

## 12.0.0-beta.7 (Unreleased)

### Changed

> - Removed `Timestamp` property from the sent entity JSON since it has no effect

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Removed the `Timestamp` property from the serialized entity when sending it to the service as it is ignored by the service
```
